docs: link to images so we don’t need active links (#370)
infracost/docs: docs/integrations/github_app.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> The Infracost GitHub App is an automated integration meaning that Infracost runs on our infrastructure and we keep it uptodate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Infracost GitHub App is an automated integration meaning that Infracost runs on our infrastructure and we keep it up to date.
```
Grammarly and other resources suggest that. :)
